Refresh eligible stored Claude and Codex OAuth credentials.

Usage: cq auth refresh [PROVIDER...] [OPTIONS]

Refresh credentials expiring within 30 minutes, including expired credentials with an
eligible refresh token. Credentials with unknown expiry or more than 30 minutes
remaining are skipped.

Claude refresh may reconcile fresher anonymous Keychain credentials with identified
accounts. Codex refresh applies only to CQ-managed candidates through the credential
authority; system and external credentials remain read-only.

In an interactive terminal, Claude accounts requiring login offer a per-account prompt:
press Enter to open the browser, or type s to skip. JSON and non-terminal execution
never open a browser; they report reauthentication required and direct you to cq claude
account login.

No overall command deadline is imposed. Individual request and phase deadlines are
listed below; interactive prompts can wait until input or interruption.

Authentication HTTP requests have a fixed 10-second timeout. Claude browser callback
waiting has a fixed 5-minute timeout after the browser flow starts; the preceding
terminal prompt has no deadline.

Arguments:
  PROVIDER
      Providers whose eligible OAuth credentials to refresh: claude and codex. Omitted:
      both, in that order. Gemini uses in-process Antigravity refresh during quota
      checks and is not supported here.
      Type: enum. Required: false. Repeatable: true.
      Default: ["claude", "codex"].
      Choices: claude, codex.
      Constraint: Reject duplicate providers and any provider other than claude or
      codex.

Global options:
  -h, --help
      Show help for the resolved command or group and exit 0 without reading state.
      Type: boolean. Required: false. Repeatable: false.
      Default: false.
      Constraint: Accept bare flag or =true / =false. Duplicate long/short spellings are
      the same option and are rejected.
  -j, --json
      Emit the documented JSON envelope; disable terminal prompts. Help remains plain
      text. Explicit stream and hook exceptions are documented per command.
      Type: boolean. Required: false. Repeatable: false.
      Default: false.
      Constraint: Accept bare flag or =true / =false. Duplicate long/short spellings are
      the same option and are rejected.
  -v, --version
      Show CQ version and exit 0 without reading state. With --json, use the version
      command envelope.
      Type: boolean. Required: false. Repeatable: false.
      Default: false.
      Constraint: Accept bare flag or =true / =false. Duplicate long/short spellings are
      the same option and are rejected.

Examples:
  cq auth refresh
      Refresh eligible Claude and Codex credentials.
  cq auth refresh codex --json
      Refresh only eligible CQ-managed Codex credentials without interaction.
  cq auth refresh claude
      Refresh Claude credentials and offer terminal reauthentication when needed.
