Clear the Codex proxy fallback.

Usage: cq codex proxy fallback clear [OPTIONS]

The default is a configured fallback role, not a promise to select this account first.
Normal eligible routing remains active; the default is included when compatible and
routable. A configured pin takes precedence, and required continuity remains bound.

Codex configuration changes require cq service restart --component proxy to take effect.
They do not change the Codex system account identity.

Options:
  --timeout TIMEOUT
      Maximum elapsed time for this command, including local preparation and control
      requests; default 10s.
      Type: duration. Required: false. Repeatable: false.
      Default: "10s".
      Constraint: Positive Go duration.
      Constraint: Expiry returns exit 7; a timed-out mutation may already have
      committed, so inspect state before retrying.

Global options:
  -h, --help
      Show help for the resolved command or group and exit 0 without reading state.
      Type: boolean. Required: false. Repeatable: false.
      Default: false.
      Constraint: Accept bare flag or =true / =false. Duplicate long/short spellings are
      the same option and are rejected.
  -j, --json
      Emit the documented JSON envelope; disable terminal prompts. Help remains plain
      text. Explicit stream and hook exceptions are documented per command.
      Type: boolean. Required: false. Repeatable: false.
      Default: false.
      Constraint: Accept bare flag or =true / =false. Duplicate long/short spellings are
      the same option and are rejected.
  -v, --version
      Show CQ version and exit 0 without reading state. With --json, use the version
      command envelope.
      Type: boolean. Required: false. Repeatable: false.
      Default: false.
      Constraint: Accept bare flag or =true / =false. Duplicate long/short spellings are
      the same option and are rejected.

Examples:
  cq codex proxy fallback clear
      Inspect or update the configured setting.
