Check provider quotas and manage accounts, routing and services.

Usage: cq [COMMAND] [OPTIONS]

Without a command, check Claude, Codex and Gemini quotas.
Use cq check codex to check Codex only.

Commands:
  auth
      Refresh stored provider authentication credentials.
  check
      Report quota usage for selected providers.
  claude
      Manage Claude accounts and proxy routing pins.
  codex
      Manage Codex accounts, quota resets and provider-specific proxy controls.
  completion
      Print a shell completion script.
  gemini
      Inspect the externally managed Gemini account.
  help
      Show help for a command path.
  models
      Inspect model registries and publish local model-cache updates.
  proxy
      Run and inspect the shared proxy, state and lifecycle machinery.
  service
      Manage proxy and periodic token-refresh background services.
  version
      Show CQ build identity.

Global options:
  -h, --help
      Show help for the resolved command or group and exit 0 without reading state.
      Type: boolean. Required: false. Repeatable: false.
      Default: false.
      Constraint: Accept bare flag or =true / =false. Duplicate long/short spellings are
      the same option and are rejected.
  -j, --json
      Emit the documented JSON envelope; disable terminal prompts. Help remains plain
      text. Explicit stream and hook exceptions are documented per command.
      Type: boolean. Required: false. Repeatable: false.
      Default: false.
      Constraint: Accept bare flag or =true / =false. Duplicate long/short spellings are
      the same option and are rejected.
  -v, --version
      Show CQ version and exit 0 without reading state. With --json, use the version
      command envelope.
      Type: boolean. Required: false. Repeatable: false.
      Default: false.
      Constraint: Accept bare flag or =true / =false. Duplicate long/short spellings are
      the same option and are rejected.

Examples:
  cq
  cq check codex --fresh
  cq codex proxy --help
  cq help service install
